hey guys brickqueen here with the LEGO
City advent calendar it is day number 13
so let's go ahead and see what we have
today we have an astronaut because
that's that's totally Christmasy I mean
like this that's not even like a winter
thing that's just completely random and
obscure and just like Lego to do but who
cares we have another mini figure that's
the real point of this right
and he gets I guess to put the star on
the tree but i'm just going to let him
hold it because look we get three of
them i also get an extra gold visor
which is very cool I don't have very
many of those I don't think I do not
that I remember that I do anyway so this
is the minifigure that you get for today
and that's his face underneath there and
there's the back that's with his you
know whole astronaut suit on so I'm
gonna put him in the house because I
think he's supposed to be actually
flying up and putting the tree arming
the star on the tree but anyway come
back tomorrow to see what else we've got
in the lego city advent calendar hey
before you go don't forget to subscribe
to each of my channels if you haven't
already thanks guys